Add report Status/2026Q2/dockerbox.adoc (#701)
freebsd/freebsd-doc: website/content/en/status/report-2026-04-2026-06/dockerbox.adoc

==== Related Ports and Repositories

* link:https://github.com/leafoliage/freebsd-dockerbox[freebsd-dockerbox] +
Provides Docker on FreeBSD by running `dockerd` inside a Linux Bhyve VM. This service manages the lifecycle of the Dockerbox guest, along with its network and storage settings. +
*v0.2.5 — ported.*

* link:https://github.com/leafoliage/dockerbox-broker[dockerbox-broker] +
A child service of Dockerbox that handles port forwarding from the host to the Dockerbox guest when a container requests port publishing. +
*Not yet ported.*

* link:https://github.com/leafoliage/freebsd-dockerbox-debian[freebsd-dockerbox-debian] +
Codebase used to generate Dockerbox's disk image. +
*Not ported.*

* link:https://www.freshports.org/sysutils/docker-cli/[docker-cli] +
The Docker CLI tool. +
*v29.4.2 — ported.*

* link:https://www.freshports.org/sysutils/docker-compose/[docker-compose] +
A Docker CLI plugin for defining and running multi-container applications. +
*v5.1.3 — ported.*

* link:https://www.freshports.org/sysutils/docker-buildx[docker-buildx] +
A Docker CLI plugin providing extended build capabilities via BuildKit. +
*v0.34.1 — ported.*

> `freebsd-dockerbox`, `docker-cli`, `docker-compose`, and `docker-buildx` are now available in the FreeBSD Ports Collection and via `pkg`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
package:sysutlis/docker-cli[], package:sysutils/docker-compose[], and package:docker-buildx[] are now available in the FreeBSD Ports Collection and via `pkg`.
```

I could not find freebsd-dockerbox via pkg. For the others, since they are indeed available, we should list them with the `package` macro.
